all right is turn out for my brand-new
game on my channel and that had to be
wheel of fortune for the iPad
and guess what
Wheel of Fortune is celebrating its 30th
anniversary toys place hmm
Oh candy store got it
got myself $1,000 and here comes the
next toss-up we're looking for a phrase
Oh
what a novel idea
got it moves me up to three thousand
dollars and we're about to fight a
jackpot round and the tie Gauri is
occupation and I get to start
it's good start 700 hmm it's their tea
yeah there are three of them
Oh 2,500 are yeah are free ours 500 okay
is there an inn yeah there was one in
2500 is there and L know there's no L
berry sure turn
ha ha hey lose a turn Carolyn 900
there's one s she wants to buy about she
wants to eat yeah there's one eat just
gonna buy another one
she's gonna buy a there are two of them
she's gonna buy and oh there's one oh
and she will like this thing cuz she's
down to 150 500 is there an H nope I'm
gonna solve the puzzle I'm going to
solve the puzzle karate instructor
that's it we're about to move on to our
second round the category is son title
bury so return to start
haha and it's one too many on the
million dollar wedge hang on a second